The Internet allows us to
communicate with other people in
lots of different ways.
However, it isn't always safe to
communicate with other people
online.
You don't always know for sure
who you're talking to when
you're on the Internet, and
every day online predators
retend to be people they aren't.
Here are some tips you can use
to Kee yourself safer When
communicating online.
First, listen to your instincts.
If someone makes you feel
nervous or uncomfortable by
asking probing questions or
trying to get information out of
you to communicating with them
right away.
Most websites and social media
sites have tools that you can
use to report suspicious
activity.
Second, limit what you share
Online predators often try to
get you to share personal
information through emails or
other messaging services.
Just like you wouldn't share
personal information with a
stranger on the street, don't
share information with strangers
online either.
And 3rd Kee your distance.
Think twice about meeting
someone in person that you have
only talked to online.
Online predators often use
social media to retend to be
someone else by setting U fake
profiles using other people's
pictures.
Even if someone seems friendly,
it can be difficult to know for
sure who they really are when
you're just talking online.
Always tell someone you trust
when an online stranger asks to
meet you in person so you don't
end U in a dangerous situation.
Kee these risks and tips in mind
so you can stay safe when you
talk to people online.